This is the outline of my project with all of the possible features that I may add depending on my skill level
CURVE
	Layout
		Phase 1: Greetings
			o	Splash screens - After doing some research it seems like the are no preprocessing directories for splash screen, so I decided to make it a void function with a waiting time so it can look as much of a title screen as possible.
		
		o There will be a "Welcome To Curve :)" message.
     
	  o "Who Do You Want to Accompany You?" Ok, allow me to geek out here, I want to implement a tone feature. Since it is a GPA calculator and students will be using it I wanted to make a tone guide of some sort. It will go something like this
		     - Nice = As the name suggests, this tone will be nice. It will provide positive comments and responses regardless of the user input.
				 Even if the student inputs bad grades, the program will be nice and offer words of encouragement.
				 - Neutral = If neutral is selected, the program will only guide the user through the input and result process. Offering no feedback on grade inputs
				 - Tough Love = Will react extremely positively to great and good grade inputs, average will recieve tugs of encouragement without a 
				 positive spin, and bad grades will recieve slightly strict words of encouragement. 
				 
				 
				 Phase 2: School 
				 	o School Level Input (The Prototype will only have High Schhol and College Levels)
						- I'm debating on making it a general input or a per grade input. If I were to make a per	grade system I would probably have to create a usable database to hold more user grades and assingments. That's a feature for later for sure though.
					o Determine wether user is a highschoold graduate, potential transfer student
					   - If the user is a transfer student or a graduating highschool student I want to give them a lists of schools from select catergories [catergories are limited]
						 Ivy League, Border Ivy, Prestigious D1, Great D1, Good D1, Just Sports D1, and Easy Pickings
					oo    The transfer list will be predetermined and based off of schools that I have adequate information on their transfer acceptance rates and minimum transfer class requirements
   It May have a degree selection section




    Grade Input
•    The user will select between semester or quarterly grade inputs

o    For semester inputs they can chose between a 8/16 week [typically for college students] or a 2 semester choice
		o    High School Students typically go by 4 quarters, or they can do the average of the quarters and go by semester

•    After the input type is selected, they will go by subject type, math, science, English
					o    Any other courses will be provide a prompt for the user to choose to input it.
					o    Those classes will count towards the GPA count as well

•    With every grade inputted, it will reveal the GPA for that grade
				o    F.E
				Semester 1: A+
				Semester 2: A+
						 GPA for Math: 4.00
						 
•    Once all of the grades and subjects are done inputting, find out all the entire GPA


Optional Phase 4:
•    For those users that chose a college that they wanted to go to, their GPA will be calculated against the average GPA of other applicants that apply to the same college
			o    F.E Hypothetically Harvard gets 60,000 applicants in a year and 99.8% of them have a 4.0 so that would mean that the user must be in the 0.2 percent to get in with no questions asked,
			o    That would make their inputs extremely rare


		I apologize for the sudden shift in the document. I copied and pasted my original build format for the assignment that I had to turn in for class. It might be a little incoherent, but I will fix it up later as I move along.
		
		
